 I can conclude of a national destiny with these responsibilities of today and major executive responsibilities of tomorrow. The whole year of public resties securely from the mountain of eternal food. Here in public and fine and active and containing of the world, the self-evident proposition that all men agree in this world, that there is now with an agent of rights that governments are interested in among men to secure these rights and that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the government. The whole year of public resties in which civil and religious liberty similates all who are interested in them. Any which the law restates every hand of mission or an overgingerance, he will put it in which every citizen of the sovereign, but in which no one cares the wearing crown. He will hold a republic standing erect by the empire of all around and found beneath the other flag all over the earth. The whole of the public is Christian, population-velting, and in control, following the problems of civilisation and seeking the funding of a universal rubberhood. A republic to shake throne and adopt their resources by a silent example and give lighted to the creation of all who is in darkness, the whole of the republic. Gradually, but surely becoming a supreme moral sector in the world's Congress and the expected arbiter of the world's dispute, a republic who distributes like the path of the justice, he has the shining light, the shining mole and more, until the perfect day.